README.md, before:

# Websocket Integration Tests

## Purpose

Show that we can integration test our websocket applications without spinning up http server.
This will speed up our tests.

For example, our current account api, public api websocket integration tests spin up a http server.
Introduces race conditions, lose control of messaging, debugging is unreliable, 
  intermittency, slow, use of waiters.
Maybe worse, for euclid, we don't have integration and every test is run in acceptance, 
and acceptance needs K8S to be up.  
I think we did this was, because spinning up an http server is quick and easy, almost a 1 liner.

##  Quick Start

Step through this test to see the workings.
`dnt.websockets.integration.IntegrationTest` is the goal of this repository, a quick IT that tests 
the implementation, without the websocket infrastructure.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram

  title Real World Execution Layer

#participantspacing 4

  participant CEL as Client Execution Layer
  participant SEL as Server Execution Layer

  CEL->>SEL:Request
  SEL->>CEL:Response
  SEL->>CEL:Push Message


```

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram

    title Integration Execution Layer

#participantspacing 4

  participant IEL as Integration Execution Layer
  participant IEL as Integration Execution Layer
  
  IEL->>IEL:Request
  IEL->>IEL:Response
  IEL->>IEL:Push Message


```



### Compare against these test
Same interfaces, just wired up for the real world.
- `dnt.websockets.integration.vertx.IntegrationWebSocketTest` (uses websockets)
- `dnt.websockets.integration.maybecool.IntegrationTcpTest` (maybe cool, uses old school TCP/IP)
- `dnt.websockets.integration.also.IntegrationEventBusTest` (also, uses event bus model)

Repo Link
https://github.com/lmax-north/websocket-integration-test

It may not be the nicest example, but it shows that it is possible.

## Demo

- Test Comparisons
    - Integration with Vertx
    - Integration
    - Thread Counts

- Verify no messages
    - Test durations

    
- Implementation



- Finish
  - Rest
  - Maybe cool
  - Also
  - Feedback `/give`

Commit message:

Websockets Integration - Update with client request receive + server request receive.

README.md, after:

# Websocket Integration Tests

## Purpose

Show that we can integration test our websocket applications without spinning up http server.
This will speed up our tests.

For example, our current account api, public api websocket integration tests spin up a http server.
Introduces race conditions, lose control of messaging, debugging is unreliable, 
  intermittency, slow, use of waiters.
Maybe worse, for euclid, we don't have integration and every test is run in acceptance, 
and acceptance needs K8S to be up.  
I think we did this was, because spinning up an http server is quick and easy, almost a 1 liner.

##  Quick Start

Step through this test to see the workings.
`ToClientIntegrationTest` + `ToServerIntegrationTest` is the goal of this repository, a quick IT that tests 
the implementation, without the websocket infrastructure.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram

  title Real World Execution Layer

#participantspacing 4

  participant CEL as Client Execution Layer
  participant SEL as Server Execution Layer

  CEL->>SEL:Request
  SEL->>CEL:Response
  SEL->>CEL:Push Message


```

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram

    title Integration Execution Layer

#participantspacing 4

  participant IEL as Integration Execution Layer
  participant IEL as Integration Execution Layer
  
  IEL->>IEL:Request
  IEL->>IEL:Response
  IEL->>IEL:Push Message


```



### Compare against these test
Same interfaces, just wired up for the real world.
- `dnt.websockets.integration.ToServerWebSocketTest` and `dnt.websockets.integration.ToClientWebSocketTest` (uses websockets)
- `dnt.websockets.integration.IntegrationTcpTest` (maybe cool, uses old school TCP/IP)
- `dnt.websockets.integration.IntegrationEventBusTest` (also, uses event bus model)

Repo Link
https://github.com/lmax-north/websocket-integration-test

It may not be the nicest example, but it shows that it is possible.

## Demo

- Test Comparisons
    - Integration with Vertx
    - Integration
    - Thread Counts

- Verify no messages
    - Test durations

    
- Implementation



- Finish
  - Rest
  - Maybe cool
  - Also
  - Feedback `/give`
